[Music]
hello everyone so I am back at
university back in my room
it is now Lent term or well term
actually hasn't started yet officially
starts next week today is Saturday and I
moved in a couple of days ago over the
last few days my friends have all been
moving back in as well so we've all been
catching up after the holiday
obviously I've just been spending a bit
of time getting myself sorted doing the
things for a shop playing a few games
with my friends board games card games
but I've got so much work to do it was a
very busy holiday because I had
computing projects to do over the
holiday and they're not actually due
until April but I wanted to get them
done early so that I could just revise
over the Easter holiday and you'll have
to worry about getting these computing
projects done these confusing projects
count for over 10 percent of my grade
this year so I did want to do a decent
job at them but unfortunately my plan to
finish them over the Christmas holiday
completely failed and I reckon I'm only
about halfway through these computing
projects which is a little demoralizing
but the plan is to finish them in all
the free time I have this term because
obviously I have so much free time here
so yeah it looks like this time is gonna
be hectic as a result of me spending so
much time doing these computing projects
over the holiday I've barely done any of
the work that I needed to hand in at the
start of this time so I've got a few
deadlines next week that I haven't done
the work for yet so it's a bit of a mad
rush now this week to get everything
done
I feel so behind yet I've been working
so hard so it's just not fair really is
it I'm doing what I can anyway my desk
is full of papers now the trouble is
I've got all these questions sheets to
do but I'm not too confident on the
lecture content they're based on so I'm
having to go through the lecture content
first teach it to myself and then do the
questions this evening I'm going to a
talk at the Masters Lodge because the
new master of the college has introduced
these new
in the business of talks basically she's
got people coming in from lots of
different business areas and they talk
about their careers the people giving
the talk this evening both work in media
I'll tell you more about her afterwards
and that's the plan for the day work go
to this talk socialize with my friends
and then keep working tomorrow and we're
just going to keep working my first
deadline is on Monday which is in two
days time the work is not finished for
it yet so go be focused good afternoon
everyone
so it's Sunday now I sat in my armchair
for a long time yesterday evening I
quite enjoyed having a more chill
evening yesterday I was very content
just sitting down reading my New
Scientist magazine and this video is
actually really kindly sponsored by New
Scientist for those of you who haven't
heard of the New Scientist is both a
Science and Technology weekly magazine
and a science news website I can
genuinely say I love their magazine so
I'm very excited to be working with them
they have weekly issues which you can
get either by print subscription or
digital subscription and they're packed
with really cool articles on different
areas of science and they're all written
in a really easily accessible way so you
don't have to be a science mastermind to
be able to understand it as a university
student
I've just been enjoying reading new
scientists in my downtime it struck me
also that these magazines would be
really good for anyone who's preparing
to go to university or into further
education people often advise you to
read around the subject New Scientist is
perfect for this it keeps you up to date
with all the latest science news you can
learn about stuff from reading these
magazines which you can then talk about
interviews you can write in your
personal statement or a cover letter I
was reading quite a lot of this last
night I got quite in growth as an
astrophysics student I get particularly
excited when I see any article relating
to space this issue had an article on
fast radio
first I'd actually heard of fast radio
bursts before reading this article
because a few other people on my course
are writing literature reviews on fast
radio bursts they are blasts of radio
waves that last a very short time few
milliseconds and we don't know what
causes them they're from some sort of
high-energy Astrophysical events they
also sometimes repeat so in this article
talks about a research group watching in
the direction of two different fast
radio bursts sources and comparing them
and one of them did regular repeats
while the other one I didn't see any
activity from and the other article I
really liked in this issue was one about
the Mars 2020 Rover
oh it's scheduled to launch in July I
believe the article says yep and this is
it and it's in this room which is like a
cleanroom people are only allowed in in
these suits says here these restrictions
are even more severe for engineers
working on the most sensitive parts of
the rover who aren't allowed to shower
before work for fear of soap residue a
subscription to New Scientist can either
be a print subscription so you get it
delivered to your door or a digital
subscription so you can get an app and
get all the weekly issues on this app
with the subscription you also get full
access to the New Scientist website and
their digital archives you can watch
videos of new scientists live talks and
also access free digital editions of
their book series and if you follow the
link in the subscription box below it
will take you to a page where you can
access an exclusive offer for a 10-week
subscription for just 10 pounds hello
everyone so I thought I'd do a quick
update just handed in my first piece of
work I'm currently at the IO age site at
the moment so I just handed in that
piece of work my supervision for it is
in a couple of days time before lecture
starts so it's actually gonna be quite
good to get that out the way and often
working quite hard these last few days
and I'm feeling a bit better about last
term's cooked egg now there was this
whole section of my dynamic pressure
course which was on the curtainless
Boltzmann equation distribution front
and a load of other model stuff that I
haven't actually looked over yet but I'm
understanding it a lot better now and
last term because I had to say believe
that just to catch up with other work I
was thinking I was it's all impossible
now I'm feeling a lot more positive I'm
gonna head back to my room now I've got
a few admin bits to do first this
afternoon to take a few bits of my to do
this it stresses me out if that gets too
long so you've sent me emails and
whatnot and then I need to get on to my
next piece of supervision work which
says do at some point next week but my
lecture start in a few days time I know
I'm gonna be getting very busy after
that so I need to get ahead in the
evenings I've mostly been playing board
games with my friends after staying up
quite late right past midnight for the
past few days and then getting up about
9:30 and not starting block till 10:30
so I'm gonna have to change my sleep
schedule for one life and stuff yeah
it's all quite positive it's just nice
to back with my friends this week yeah
the other good news is my bike has two
working bike breaks now what a luxury
11:3 half of last term we're only one
working bike break which is actually
probably quite dangerous and I should
have put that sorted earlier but yeah
now I've sorted it took it to the bike
shop on Tuesday I headed into the
college library for the first time in
2020 so I just did an hour and a half in
the library this I'm now breaking for
lunch I didn't start that early today
because I went out for coffee this
morning
that was quite focused on being I did
just that
so if I can keep that up off the night's
idea I'm feeling pleased with myself
because I just cracked a problem by
reading understand it was like the
condition is okay I have consumed lunch
[Music]
it's very windy today it's been about
holiday and an hour isn't over by myself
for lunch today an hour is plenty back
to work
just stop the library is now dark I see
my brain spits right
twenties at the break and then here's me
regretting my life choices when I stayed
up until about two o'clock in the
morning playing cards well I knew full
well I had work to do the next day I
just had a meeting with my director of
studies I'm just gonna go and get a
coffee okay
I've obtained coffee I'm now back at my
desk I've got a couple of hours until I
need to go to a supervision which is on
this work so I kind of want to be really
cleared up on it and really on it with
this module so like I know what I'm
doing in the supervision maybe that's
wishful thinking I guess I know what I
know
that's just quite a lot to know and
there's a lot but I don't know yeah so I
had my meeting with my director of
studies my director of studies is lovely
like really helpful I brought up that I
felt like I hadn't had much time to do a
revision of my lecture courses over the
holiday because I've been trying to get
my computing projects out the way which
is my coursework for this year but the
computing projects have been really
really hard over the holiday just
because I don't have much programming
experience and they start off by giving
you some mathematical equation and they
barely give you any instructions they
just say write a program to solve this
and I'm like how I just haven't learned
any of these things so I need to go off
and teach myself all this stuff and then
do it and you know allowed to ask any
questions on it but yeah my director of
studies was like this is where time
management comes in choose to dedicate
five days or something to this computing
project and then call it quits my mum
would tell me it's the rule of
diminishing returns and that you need to
move on because you can probably get
more marks elsewhere than by stressing
over the little things that are not
right in the computing project except I
feel like I haven't even got like even
the skeleton of one of my projects done
lots to be thinking about lots to be
doing it's very busy here
accidentally stayed up really late last
night that's a really good coffee
caramel latte skinny I love it a lot I
literally said yesterday I was going to
go to bed early last night and try and
reach out my sweet schedule so that I'd
be able to get up in time for lectures
tomorrow I ended up staying up to a 2
o'clock playing cards but I feel like
now's the time to do it I am also a
student I'm allowed to have a bit of fun
I'm allowed to have a break I did do
some hard work yesterday I didn't get up
that late today I have been doing work
this morning so I'm try not to be too
hard on myself I think I'm doing okay my
first supervision of term was actually
quite successful and here I'm just
cycling back from the herbs building I
look I went to my supervision earlier
visit I learned now I am learning
economy I kind of know and I'm going to
end the vlog here so thank you very much
for watching please give the video a
like if you enjoyed it subscribe hit the
notification bell go follow me on
Instagram all that good stuff and I'll
see you soon with another video bye
[Music]